README.md, before:

# dragonfly-cli
A Python CLI tool to change polling rate and debounce setting of VGN/VXE Dragonfly mice using the 1K or 4K dongles

Please note that this has only been tested on Linux and on a VXE Dragonfly R1 Pro along with a 4K and 1K dongle. Your mileage might vary.

Use this at your own risk. I do not take responsibility for any damage caused.

## Requirements
This script is based on [PyUSB](https://github.com/pyusb/pyusb) and therefore requires the dependecies of PyUSB. It was tested on Python 3.11.8.

## Usage

``` 
python3 dragonfly-cli.py [-h] [-p {125,250,500,1000,2000,4000}] [-d {0,1,2,4,8,15,20}] [--product_id PRODUCT_ID]
```

#### Options

- -h, --help            show help message and exit
  
- -p {125,250,500,1000,2000,4000}, --polling_rate {125,250,500,1000,2000,4000}

- -d {0,1,2,4,8,15,20}, --debounce {0,1,2,4,8,15,20}

- --product_id PRODUCT_ID (Required for 1K dongle)

To get the product id on Linux, just run `lsusb`. For example, this is the outcome for the 4K VGN dongle:

```Bus 003 Device 019: ID 3554:f505 Compx VGN Dragonfly 4K Receiver```

The Vendor ID here is 3554 while the product id is f505.

## Udev rule
For Linux, you will require a udev rule to fully access the device without superuser rights. This can easily be done by creating a udev rule under `/etc/udev/rules.d/`. Feel free to look at the [example file](./51-vxe-mouse.rules).

Commit message:

doc: add features, supported devices and To-Do

README.md, after:

# dragonfly-cli
A Python CLI tool to change polling rate and debounce setting of VGN/VXE Dragonfly mice using the 1K or 4K dongles

Please note that this has only been tested on Linux and on a VXE Dragonfly R1 Pro along with a 4K and 1K dongle. Your mileage might vary.

Use this at your own risk. I do not take responsibility for any damage caused.

## Requirements
This script is based on [PyUSB](https://github.com/pyusb/pyusb) and therefore requires the dependecies of PyUSB. It was tested on Python 3.11.8.

## Features

- Setting polling rate (up to 1000 Hz with stock dongle, up to 4000 Hz with 4K dongle)
- Setting debounce delay

## Supported devices

Theoretically it should work with any VGN mouse connected to the 4K and 1K dongle but it hasn't been tested.

| Device name   | VendorID | ProductID |
|---------------|----------|-----------|
| VGN 4K Dongle | 3554     | f505      |
| VXE 1K Dongle | 3554     | f58a      |

## To-Do

- [] Add lift off distance setting (LOD)
- [] Add idle timer setting
- [] MotionSync toggle

## Usage

``` 
python3 dragonfly-cli.py [-h] [-p {125,250,500,1000,2000,4000}] [-d {0,1,2,4,8,15,20}] [--product_id PRODUCT_ID]
```

#### Options

- -h, --help            show help message and exit
  
- -p {125,250,500,1000,2000,4000}, --polling_rate {125,250,500,1000,2000,4000}

- -d {0,1,2,4,8,15,20}, --debounce {0,1,2,4,8,15,20}

- --product_id PRODUCT_ID (Required for 1K dongle)

To get the product id on Linux, just run `lsusb`. For example, this is the outcome for the 4K VGN dongle:

```Bus 003 Device 019: ID 3554:f505 Compx VGN Dragonfly 4K Receiver```

The Vendor ID here is 3554 while the product id is f505.

## Udev rule
For Linux, you will require a udev rule to fully access the device without superuser rights. This can easily be done by creating a udev rule under `/etc/udev/rules.d/`. Feel free to look at the [example file](./51-vxe-mouse.rules).
